# Introduction
For starting this task,we needed to first clone the Terminal-Chaos repository into our system using the command ```git clone```. I then created a **handbook** folder to store my codes and screenshots. After completing each part, I made a text file to save the codes found in it. I used ```git add```, ```git commit``` and ```git push``` to push changes to my remote repository
## Part 1 
Using ```cd``` and ```ls``` commands, I explored the various folders within the directory. Then, in **Entrance3** of **'The Eolian Caves'**, I found two text files named **parchment.txt** and **Statue of Marika.txt**. Using ```cat``` command, I read the contents of **parchment.txt** and found the code, hence completing part 1
## Part 2
For this part, I used ```git checkout``` to switch to **The-Light-Realm**. Next, I needed to find the names of the text files containing both the words *good* and *holy*. I tried to use ```grep```, but I didn't know how to include multiple arguments. So, I searched the internet and found about the ```xargs``` command. Using that and ```--include==*.txt```,I was able to view the text files having both the words. The files were **Moonbloom** and **Mistveil**.Following the key, I found the holy spell. Then using ```cd``` command, I explored the various directories and sub-directories, I finally found a file called **KharnoktheBloodForged.py**. On executing it using ```python3``` command, the boss battle began. After successfully parrying him and stunning him, I used the holy spell to defeat him. After he was defeated, I obtained the **Celestial Veil Amulet** and **The Light Book**, thus completing Part 2
## Part 3
For Part 3, I first switched to **The-Dark-Realm-I** using ```git checkout```. Exploring the directories using ```cd``` and ```ls```, I found **chest1.py**. On executing it, I found the code for **The-Dark-Book-I**. Similarly, I switched to **The-Dark-Realm-II** and found **The-Dark-Book-I**, which completed Part 3
## Part 4
In this part, I had to combine the codes obtained from the previous parts, which turned out to be a base64 encoded string. Then using ```base64 -d```, i decoded it to get a [link to the Terminal Chaos GodSuite repository](https://github.com/amansxcalibur/Terminal-Chaos-GodSuite). Using ```git clone```, I cloned this repository into my system, which completed Part 4
## Part 5
For the final part, I went into **Open Book** directory of the GodSuite repository to find the text file **Scripture.txt**. As the instruction was to "Check through all commits", I used Google to find the command for it, which gave me ```git log``` and ```git show```. Using ```git log```,I was able to view the commits which had been made and ```git show``` showed me the changes made in a particular commit. Finally, in the commit **Fourth Stage of GodSuite**, I found a code. I deduced that it might be a base64 encoded string and decoded it using the command ```base64 -d```, which gave me the [link to a GitHub repository](https://github.com/angrezichatterbox/To-the-stars-and-realms-unseen). I followed the link, cloned the repository and ran the **victory.py** file, which marked the end of this task
# My thoughts
I found this task to be really fun. I had a slight difficulty in part 2 because I did not know of the ```xargs``` command. But, it was quickly resolved by a bit of googling. Overall, I think this task was a great and fun way to learn about Linux terminal commands due to its game like nature.
